# Delivering Voicemails as Amazon Connect Tasks
Delivering voicemail as an Amazon Connect Task is the simplest delivery option to configure. Outside of making sure that the queues and routing profiles in Amazon Connect are configured to allow tasks, there is really no additional setup required. A task contact flow is provided as an example with the solution, and is perfectly suitable for normal use. Tasks are queued and presented to agents just as any other contact would be. In the task, the agent will have access to the presigned URL for the voicemail recording. The transcript will also be presented as the task description. All other contact attributes, including the customer callback number, are included in the task information as well.

## Additional Contact Attributes Specific to Tasks
There is only one additional contact attribute that applies to this delivery model:
-  **vmx_task_flow (Optional)**: (Contact flow ID) contact ID of a custom task flow used to process tasks generated by the voicemail configuration. If this is not provided, the default flow configured during implementation will be used.
    -  Example: 'vmx_task_flow':'509a1915-cd54-4632-a923-6dafc5b722a9'

## Additional Notes
1.  In the routing profiles for agents that will handle voicemail tasks, you need to make sure that Task is enabled in the **Set channels and concurrency** section. Additionally, you need to make sure that the individual queues in the routing profile also have **Task** selected (for queues where voicemail is allowed).
